README.md, before:

# COMP558-Inpainting

by Colin Taylor, Nelsin Martin-Burnett, Henri Lemoine

Our COMP558 final project on image inpainting. We investigate classical inpainintg methods and compare them with Deep Learning (DL) inpainting methods, focusing on the tradeoff between accuracy and computational efficiency.

## Installation

This repository uses `uv`. Install [here](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/).

Install the repo with `git clone https://github.com/henri123lemoine/COMP558-Inpainting`.

## Usage

To run `main.py`:
```bash
uv run main.py
```

## Papers

### General

`https://www.math.ucla.edu/~lvese/PAPERS/01211536.pdf`
`https://jiaya.me/file/all_final_papers/imgrep_final_cvpr03.pdf`
`https://www.math.ucla.edu/~bertozzi/papers/cvpr01.pdf`
`https://www.researchgate.net/publication/220720382_Image_inpainting`

### Exemplar-based

`https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/4337762`
`https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/1323101`

### Textures

`https://www2.eecs.berkeley.edu/Research/Projects/CS/vision/papers/efros-iccv99.pdf` (see `texture_synthesis.py`)
`https://graphics.stanford.edu/papers/texture-synthesis-sig00/texture.pdf`

### Structures

`https://gfx.cs.princeton.edu/pubs/Barnes_2009_PAR/patchmatch.pdf`

### Deep Learning

TODO: Add DL papers

Commit message:

Added setup for running specific experiments

README.md, after:

# COMP558-Inpainting

by Colin Taylor, Nelsin Martin-Burnett, Henri Lemoine

Our COMP558 final project on image inpainting. We investigate classical inpainintg methods and compare them with Deep Learning (DL) inpainting methods, focusing on the tradeoff between accuracy and computational efficiency.

## Installation

This repository uses `uv`. Install [here](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/).

Install the repo with `git clone https://github.com/henri123lemoine/COMP558-Inpainting`.

## Usage

To generate up-to-date results for all experiments, run `uv run main.py`. Note that this will take a long time.
```bash
uv run main.py
```
To specify a specific experiment, run `uv run main.py --experiment <experiment_name>`.

## Papers

### General

`https://www.math.ucla.edu/~lvese/PAPERS/01211536.pdf`
`https://jiaya.me/file/all_final_papers/imgrep_final_cvpr03.pdf`
`https://www.math.ucla.edu/~bertozzi/papers/cvpr01.pdf`
`https://www.researchgate.net/publication/220720382_Image_inpainting`

### Exemplar-based

`https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/4337762`
`https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/1323101`

### Textures

`https://www2.eecs.berkeley.edu/Research/Projects/CS/vision/papers/efros-iccv99.pdf` (see `texture_synthesis.py`)
`https://graphics.stanford.edu/papers/texture-synthesis-sig00/texture.pdf`

### Structures

`https://gfx.cs.princeton.edu/pubs/Barnes_2009_PAR/patchmatch.pdf`

### Deep Learning

TODO: Add DL papers
